# codefundo++ 2019 Idea

This is the proposal for the ideas that we would like to implement partially or completely for the Microsoft codefundo++ 2019 competition.

## Problems  that we vision to solve:
- Inability to vote due to physical absence from native polling booth
- Illegal multiple voting by the same person at two different locations
- Illegal casting of vote on behalf of other person
- Spreading rumours about a particular candidate
- Fault in counting votes due to EVM hacking or hardware issues.

## Solutions to the above problems:

- The complete voting process will be completely conducted on a Microsoft Azure cloud-based web platform which would be secured with blockchain technology implemented using Microsoft Azure Blockchain Application. Each of the candidate will be having a unique private key which will be a unique combination generated by using a hash function on a combination of parameters like the Aadhar Card number, Voted ID number, DOB and a 6-digit pin which has been pre-registered by a voter. The voter will be given a limited number of trials to vote, so that a bot cannot vote on the voters behalf using hit and trial of the 6-digit key.  This will solve the problem of inability of a person to vote due to physical absence from native polling booth. 

- Once a vote has been registered using  a unique private key, then that voter won't be able to vote again because the server won't accept that private key which has already been used. This will help in avoiding illegal multiple voting by the same person at two different locations

- The web app will have a public election news-board/page. This board will have all the news related to election. The users will be notified to trust only information published on the board as valid. Only inputs from valid agencies will be put up in this news-board page.

- Voting process will achieve more transparency with blockchain system as it makes easy voting to follow and evaluate votes in real-time. Each voter can vote once for the candidate of their choice. And, the candidate who has the highest number of voting tokens in their account wins the election. For voters who abstained from voting, their voting tokens will be sent to an abstain account, ensuring their vote does not get misused. The counting of the votes also becomes very easy and hence allows declaring the winner of the election in the shortest span of time.

- Each time a vote is casted , a voting token is sent to the candidate for whom the vote is casted and this avoiding counting errors as the candidate himself verifies the count of votes.
 
